hey guys in today's movie recap we're
discovering a new alien species that
takes over a small town
[Music]
enjoy
the movie begins with two cops taking
out a road as a meteor comes hurling
down towards earth
one of the cops checks the speed of a
bird which greatly intrigues the other
sleeping officer it's fascinating
the two laksa days ago cops completely
missed the fact that a meteor just
landed not too far behind them
we're treated to a little montage of
this lovely little town and its
residents before meeting one of the main
characters
starla at a school we see her speaking
to another teacher
before her possessive husband grant
swoops in and takes her home
bill the police chief and his colleagues
remark about how mismatched of a couple
they are
one of them accuses starla of being a
gold digger but bill defends her
back at grant's home and later at night
we see him trying to put the moves on
starla but she's not in the mood
he persists to no avail until ultimately
giving up and deciding to go for a
walk yeah right grant heads to a bar
where he catches the eye of brenda
she's got a keen interest in him a few
drinks later and they're having a
swallowed time in the woods
brenda takes him to a tree where she
carved their initials many years ago
back when she had a crush on him as
things are about to escalate grant stops
not wanting to cheat on starla out of
the corner of his eye he notices
something strange and slimy on the
ground
whatever it was it left the trail
granting bren to follow it
finding a strange looking creature crap
pokes at it with a stick
until it opens up and reveals a spiky
little appendage
suddenly it shoots out in him and
burrows straight into his chest
a horrified brenda watches on his grant
collapses and the creature burrows deep
into his brain
he awakens but says nothing and walks
off upon arriving home
he immediately inspects the fridge in
search of me
the next morning starla apologizes to
grant but he's not all there
he examines the room and sees their
wedding photos yeah that looks familiar
as they're about to make love she
notices the wound on grant's chest
the following day starla's co-workers
notice she's rather smiley
she says it's been a while between her
and grant and that he was different
he was exploring every part of her body
meanwhile grad heads to the supermarket
to purchase
yep gotta have that how about a truck
full back at home
starla notices a lock on the basement
door upon asking grant
he tells her he's planning something for
her soon-to-be birthday though
she reminds him that that's two months
away she walks off and grant's stomach
begins to growl
he heads outside and spots a snack i
mean a dog
at night the couple is preparing to go
to the deer cheer an annual event
celebrating the commencement of deer
season
as starla showers grant notices his
condition is worsening
something deep inside him is urging him
to do something he walks up on starla
and two tentacles emerge from his chest
as he reaches for the door he hesitates
not wanting to hurt his dear wife
she notices him watching and he quickly
turns around hiding the tentacles
he tells her he forgot something at work
and will meet her at the deer chair
she's bummed out but hey at least she's
alive at the deer cheer bill notices
that starla is alone and his fellow
officer wally
teases him for never closing the deal
with her on grant's side of things
he visits brenda who's excited to see
him they prepare to do the
naughty naughty when grant reveals his
disease-stricken chest
brenda looks on with horror as two
tentacles emerge she tries to get away
but he forces himself upon her
the tentacles seem to be depositing
something into her body she enters a
trance-like state while grant sits back
and enjoys the show
after enjoying a dance with bill at deer
cheer starla returns home where she runs
into a disfigured grant
he explains it away as a bad reaction to
a bee sting and that he's already spoken
to the family doctor about it
yeah a couple ibuprofen to clear that up
the next day
we see starla call the doctor but he's
not seen grant in a year
on the way home she sees numerous
posters of missing pets around the area
we cut to grant carrying two full trash
bags into a barn before brenda's tied up
begging to be fed
she eats up graciously while he pets her
head back at grant's house
bill and wally pull up and are greeted
by starla they inform her brenda's
disappearance and ask to see grant but
he's not there
they head out and a suspicious starlet
decides to inspect the locked basement
she breaks in with a bat and is
horrified to find the mangled and
running bodies of various animals
including the missing pets panic
overcomes her as she calls bill but he
doesn't respond
grant looms just outside the window more
deformed than ever he screeches at her
and she flees towards the back door but
is intercepted he accuses her of
betraying him while he forces her
towards the floor
his tentacle slither down her shirt but
she manages to bash his head in
he quickly recovers and locks her in a
choke hold his arm deforms and slithers
around her neck
just in the nick of time bill and his
crew barge in and scare gran
off
majestic a few days elapse and the
police are scrambling to get a hold of
grant
which they now jokingly refer to as a
squid the mayor advises them to cool it
as to not cause hysteria
he postulates that perhaps he merely has
lyme disease you touch some deer feces
and then you
got your lyme disease and that makes you
look like a squid no
no it doesn't the police station
discovered grant's pattern of attack
he surmised that his next attack would
be this family's farm they're going to
stake out the place until he arrives and
then take him in for questioning
everybody gears up and heads out starla
shows up just as bill is departing and
demands to join in
if they intend to bring him in alive
they're going to need her to bait him in
bill reluctantly agrees night falls and
nothing interesting has happened yet
starlin bills sit together and reminisce
about the time she tried to run away
with him when they were kids
she wanted to be a hollywood star and he
was supposed to be her bodyguard
suddenly grant appears well you can
hardly call him grand at this point
he slices a cow's throat and begins to
drag it off bill looks on
frozen in place starlight decides to
take action and approaches bill as the
others circle around
guns locked and loaded she manages to
calm him down reminding him that
marriage is a sacred vow and that she
pledges to stay by his side for better
or for worse unfortunately this hothead
ruins everything when he waves around
his gun and threatens grant
in the blink of an eye he slashes the
man though it's merely a flesh wound
just kidding everyone begins to unload
on grant as he slithers off at
incredible speed
they follow suit and come across a barn
emanating a putrid smell
bill leans his ear against the door and
hears a woman in agony they bust down
the door to find a ballooned up renda
what's going on here exactly she
complains about her insatiable hunger
and asked bill to give her a piece of
opossum
tasty things take a turn for the worse
when her insides start to move around
within moments her skin begins to tear
before bursting and letting lose
hundreds
if not thousands of little slithering
alien worms they attack the crew and
burrow into their mouths
though a few of them smarten up and
cover up they ride out the storm until
the worms scurry off
we cut to the family's house from
earlier as the worms show up kylie their
eldest daughter
is enjoying a delightful bath one of the
worms crawls in through the window and
makes its way into the tub
it slithers and squirms towards her but
she notices it and hops out
a little tug of war ensues as kylie
tries to pull the worm out of her mouth
during their struggle she sees visions
of the alien's experiences on other
planets
as well as grant's recent escapades she
pulls and pulls
and finally gets it out throwing it
across the wall it crawls back but a
resourceful kylie uses her hair iron to
cook it to a crisp
she runs out of the bathroom and calls
for her mother she appears vomiting
blood on kylie
kylie checks upon her sisters but they
too have been infected
she makes it out onto the roof then hops
off before fleeing into a car
unfortunately shane got a key the worms
engulfed the car
trapping kylie and darkness meanwhile
bill heads back to the family's house
and leaves starla his shotgun
her and the others tend to the fallen
officers after some time
wally awakens and approaches starla he
begins to speak and while it is wally's
voice it's grant pulling the strings
it seems the alien creature operates as
a sort of hive mind he apologizes for
his actions and explains that it's
simply in his nature
the other officers awaken and restrain
the female cop starla readies her
shotgun demanding grant to stop he calls
her on her bluff
but she's game and proceeds to blow off
zombie wally's head
as the others encroach she fires again
but to her dismay
is out of bullets plan b running back in
the house
the zombified family is attempting to
break into the car when bill arrives
kylie dashes out and meets bill at his
side suddenly the paris flank from
behind by several zombies
they manage to dodge their attacks and
flee towards bill's car as they drive
away
those spots starla and jack running bill
runs over one of the zombies and starla
brutally finishes it off
everyone gets in the car and the group
heads back into town during the drive
bill hits up shelby and tells her to get
the cdc on the line unfortunately she
has
other matters to tend to kylie shares
the vision she had stating that she
became part of the creature momentarily
as the crew pulls into town grant calls
in having assumed shelby's now zombified
body
he tells them he has a surprise waiting
for them just around the corner
cheeky as bill comes too he hears droves
of zombies calling out for starla
they reach in and drag out her
unconscious body he exits the vehicle
but then helps save kylie as she awakens
unfortunately jack isn't so lucky the
pair takes shelter behind some bushes
outside the police station bill reasons
that if he kills grant the rest will die
he sneaks in and searches for that one
grenade they confiscated a while back
while he's in there he attempts to call
for backup but then finds himself in the
sights of a zombie deer
he charges thrashing him around as kylie
watches on through the window
phil is getting absolutely handled by
this demonic deer
until kylie steps in and takes care of
business
he retrieves the grenade and then we cut
to starla being gracefully carried into
bed and cleaned up by the zombies
back outside bill notices that the
zombies are all heading towards grant's
house
he follows suit as starlet awakens now
donning a slim nightgown realizing that
there's no way out
she takes her hairbrush and turns it
into a weapon starla walks around the
house before entering the living room
and finding a now gargantuan and furious
grant
meanwhile bill and kylie watch on in the
backyard due to her visions
kylie recognizes the bulging mass as
grant they witness a zombie fusing into
him
bill catches a glimpse of starla
empowering him to charge in
kylie follows along in the house grant
is berating starla for betraying him
he can no longer use his own voice so he
makes use of the zombies attached to him
she tells him she's sorry and promises
they'll be together starla moves in for
a kiss
but then pulls out her makeshift knife
and stabs him in the throat he easily
tosses her aside and strangles her
before bill arrives proudly raising his
grenade up high
well so much for that bill desperately
tries to retrieve the grenade but it
ends up going kablooey in the pool
plan b die grant pierces him with one of
his tentacles but bill manages to attach
the other one to a propane tank
he opens the valve and fills crown up as
he's dragged back into the house
with his last ounce of strength bill
tells starla to shoot him
she obliges
everyone lives happily ever after just
kidding all the infected people die
bill survives though kylie explains that
you need two tentacles in you to get
transformed into a womb
the three survivors walk off into the
sunset hey guys thanks so much for
watching
be sure to leave a like and a comment
tell me what your favorite moment of the
movie was